---
title: Have you noticed?
excerpt: Is your organization's ability to ship new features to your customers slowing down?  (It's a common problem.)  Your software is likely...
---
### Conventional Software
Is your organization's ability to ship new features to your customers slowing down?  (It's a common problem.)  Your software is likely suffering from an engineering condition known as **tight coupling**.  It means that while the software was designed to work, it only does so under a narrow (and somewhat inflexible) set of operating conditions.  And given your dynamic and
evolving business environment, the unfortunate but inevitable result is ever-increasing difficulty delivering timely innovation and new features to your customers, ultimately reducing your business' competitiveness.

### Engineering Agility
Your business environment is fluid, dynamic and competitive.  Customer feedback arrives in real-time.  The software at the heart of your offerings *must* be able to keep up with the pace of innovation.  Our software is developed taking full advantage of software engineering industry best-practices including the `Dependency Inversion Principle` and the `Liskov Substitution Principle`.

Studies have shown that historically, 67% of a major software project's costs are due to maintenance--and this figure is rising.  This is a key reason the software we build is designed for change from day 1.  Software built with this understanding in mind lowers the time and energy required to implement change, yielding both huge cost savings and engineering agility to your organization throughout its lifetime.
